Add additional info to the mono building and testing docs (#32339)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/building/mono/README.md

# Building Mono

To build the Mono runtime, you must first do a complete runtime build (coreclr, libraries, and then mono).  At the repo root, simply execute:

```bash
./build.sh 
```
or on Windows,
```bat
build.cmd
```

> Note that by the debug configuration is the default. It generates a 'debug' output and that includes asserts, less code optimizations, and is easier for debugging. If you want to make performance measurements, or just want tests to execute more quickly, you can also build the 'release' version which does not have these checks by adding the flag `-configuration release` (or `-c release`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the debug configuration is the default option. It generates a 'debug' output and that includes asserts, fewer code optimizations, and is easier for debugging. If you want to make performance measurements, or just want tests to execute more quickly, you can also build the 'release' version which does not have these checks by adding the flag `-configuration release` (or `-c release`).
 
```
